What is cdn?
A content delivery network (CDN) is a group of geographically distributed servers that speed up the delivery of web content by bringing it closer to where users are. Data centers across the globe use caching, a process that temporarily stores copies of files, so that you can access internet content from a web-enabled device or browser more quickly through a server near you. CDNs cache content like web pages, images, and video in proxy servers near to your physical location. This allows you to do things like watch a movie, download software, check your bank balance, post on social media, or make purchases, without having to wait for content to load.
How does cdn work?
The mission of a CDN is to reduce latency. Latency is that annoying delay you experience when trying to access a web page or video stream before it fully loads on your device. Although measured in milliseconds, it can feel like forever, and may even result in a load error or time-out. Some content delivery networks alleviate latency by reducing the physical distance that the content needs to travel to reach you. Therefore, larger, more widely distributed CDNs are able to deliver web content more quickly and reliably by putting the content as close to the end user as possible.
Example of cdn?
If you were in New York and wanted to view the website of your favorite store in London that’s hosted on a server in the UK, you would experience slow content load times if the request had to travel all the way across the Atlantic Ocean. To remedy this, a CDN would store a cached version of the London website content in multiple geographical locations around the world, also called “points of presence” (PoPs). These PoPs contain their own caching servers and are responsible for delivering that content close to where you’re located in New York.
Content delivered from a server closest to your physical location gives you a faster, high-performance web experience.
Static and dynamic website?
The main difference between static and dynamic website is that a static website is a basic website with fixed content while the dynamic websites are advanced websites that provide different content according to client requests.
The content of a static website remains unchanged unless it is changed from the source code, but the content of a dynamic website changes according to the client requests. This is a major difference between static and dynamic website.
the static websites are simple and easier to program while, the dynamic websites are more complex and difficult to program.