Assignment 

Weighted routing policy – Use to route traffic to multiple resources in proportions that you specify.To configure weighted routing, you create records that have the same name and type for each of your resources. You assign each record a relative weight that corresponds with how much traffic you want to send to each resource. Amazon Route 53 sends traffic to a resource based on the weight that you assign to the record as a proportion of the total weight for all records in the group:


					Formula for how much traffic is routed to a given resource: 
						weight for a specified record / sum of the weights for all records.
				
For example, if you want to send a tiny portion of your traffic to one resource and the rest to another resource, you might specify weights of 1 and 255. The resource with a weight of 1 gets 1/256th of the traffic (1/(1+255)), and the other resource gets 255/256ths (255/(1+255)). You can gradually change the balance by changing the weights. If you want to stop sending traffic to a resource, you can change the weight for that record to 0.

Simple routing policy – Use for a single resource that performs a given function for your domain, for example, a web server that serves content for the example.com website.f you choose the simple routing policy in the Route 53 console, you can't create multiple records that have the same name and type, but you can specify multiple values in the same record, such as multiple IP addresses. 

Failover routing policy –Failover routing lets you route traffic to a resource when the resource is healthy or to a different resource when the first resource is unhealthy. The primary and secondary records can route traffic to anything from an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured as a website to a complex tree of records. 

Geolocation routing policy – Use when you want to route traffic based on the location of your users.When you use geolocation routing, you can localize your content and present some or all of your website in the language of your users. You can also use geolocation routing to restrict distribution of content to only the locations in which you have distribution rights. Another possible use is for balancing load across endpoints in a predictable, easy-to-manage way, so that each user location is consistently routed to the same endpoint.

Geoproximity routing policy – Use when you want to route traffic based on the location of your resources and, optionally, shift traffic from resources in one location to resources in another.

Latency routing policy – Use when you have resources in multiple AWS Regions and you want to route traffic to the Region that provides the best latency with less round-trip time.o use latency-based routing, you create latency records for your resources in multiple AWS Regions. When Route 53 receives a DNS query for your domain or subdomain (example.com or acme.example.com), it determines which AWS Regions you've created latency records for, determines which region gives the user the lowest latency, and then selects a latency record for that region. Route 53 responds with the value from the selected record, such as the IP address for a web server.

Multivalue answer routing policy – Use when you want Route 53 to respond to DNS queries with up to eight healthy records selected at random.

This routing lets you configure Amazon Route 53 to return multiple values, such as IP addresses for your web servers, in response to DNS queries. You can specify multiple values for almost any record, but multivalue answer routing also lets you check the health of each resource, so Route 53 returns only values for healthy resources. It's not a substitute for a load balancer, but the ability to return multiple health-checkable IP addresses is a way to use DNS to improve availability and load balancing